README.md, before:

# The Hackathon Challenge Walkthrough

KodeKloud announced to sponsor for DevOps Conference 2022. I think that KodeKloud will talk about some topics at this conference. No! It's sponsor and participates as a **Challenge** for attendees and DevOps enthusiasts. In this way, I also participate that challenge! Yeah, let's check the overview.

![The Hackathon Challenge](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/image/The_Hackthon_Challenge_Head.png)

Need to complete the following challenges.

1. [Deploy a Jekyll SSG Application on Kubernetes](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/Deploy_a_Jekyll_SSG_Application_on_Kubernetes.md
)
   - Challenge 1: Deploy a Jekyll SSG Application on Kubernetes
As a part of this challenge, you’ll need to create a persistent volume for storing the application data, make use of init containers, initialize the application startup, and ultimately expose the application via a NodePort service. You would also need to set up role-based access control for users within the namespace where the application is deployed.
2. [Fix a Broken Kubernetes Cluster](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/Fix_a_Broken_Kubernetes_Kubernetes.md
)
   - Challenge 2: Fixing a Broken Kubernetes Cluster
This challenge requires you to troubleshoot and fix issues in a 2-node Kubernetes cluster. Once all the nodes of the cluster are operational you will then have to deploy a simple application.
3. [Secure a Kubernetes Deployment](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/Secure_a_Kubernetes_Deployment.md)
   - Challenge 3: Secure Kubernetes Deployment
This challenge is based on Kubernetes Security where you  will have to make use of tools such as Aquasec Trivy, Apparmor, and network policies to secure a Kubernetes deployment.

Click above each link to see my walkthrough.

Finally, I got a lot of hands-on experience from this hackathon challenge. I have learned two new tools "Trivy" and "AppArmor". I solved network policy tricks, Kube-APISERVER's health, scanning the image vulnerability, etc.

Commit message:

Adding new words to repo.
Adding new words and award image.

README.md, after:

# The Hackathon Challenge Walkthrough

KodeKloud announced to sponsor for DevOps Conference 2022. I think that KodeKloud will talk about some topics at this conference. No! It's sponsor and participates as a **Challenge** for attendees and DevOps enthusiasts. In this way, I also participate that challenge! Yeah, let's check the overview.

![The Hackathon Challenge](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/image/The_Hackthon_Challenge_Head.png)

Need to complete the following challenges.

1. [Deploy a Jekyll SSG Application on Kubernetes](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/Deploy_a_Jekyll_SSG_Application_on_Kubernetes.md
)
   - Challenge 1: Deploy a Jekyll SSG Application on Kubernetes
As a part of this challenge, you’ll need to create a persistent volume for storing the application data, make use of init containers, initialize the application startup, and ultimately expose the application via a NodePort service. You would also need to set up role-based access control for users within the namespace where the application is deployed.
2. [Fix a Broken Kubernetes Cluster](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/Fix_a_Broken_Kubernetes_Kubernetes.md
)
   - Challenge 2: Fixing a Broken Kubernetes Cluster
This challenge requires you to troubleshoot and fix issues in a 2-node Kubernetes cluster. Once all the nodes of the cluster are operational you will then have to deploy a simple application.
3. [Secure a Kubernetes Deployment](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/Secure_a_Kubernetes_Deployment.md)
   - Challenge 3: Secure Kubernetes Deployment
This challenge is based on Kubernetes Security where you  will have to make use of tools such as Aquasec Trivy, Apparmor, and network policies to secure a Kubernetes deployment.

Click above each link to see my walkthrough.

Finally,I won the [**CKA**](https://github.com/thawzinmyo/The-Hackathon-Challenge-DevOps/blob/master/image/KK-Award-GIMP02.png) exam voucher from KodeKloud. Thank you so much for this award. I got a lot of hands-on experience from this hackathon challenge. I have learned two new tools "Trivy" and "AppArmor". I solved network policy tricks, Kube-APISERVER's health, scanning the image vulnerability, etc.
